good afternoon people who give gas 37 and I
I wanted to show you how you do to
win the battery is charging without
last use here actually a
pliers on the perimeter and well you do not know
use does not have this tool at home
need to bring mechanic to be
charging the battery is a very
simple to make're a lamp
test and has a lamp of a flash is
12 volts
I have a bottle here in the negative
the battery was discharged
I carried a little and it should be
carrying the coach with the car
connected is not good
Now it's loaded on the battery, you see.
is running when the engine is running on the
with the coach is is to show how
Now I'm going to turn on the car.
the connected car and semen
strip the battery cable
the car is still on
Now you come here and pay me.
by battery positive also want
Tell which coach is carrying
fair arrives
turn off the car
the cable is still off the battery
Now the lamp does not care
coach is not charging you
here is a load that is on the positive
battery and here we will not call put the
cable connect the car to new v6 engine
again
take the car
saw the
very simple a very
simple but can not do is not
You need to take a mechanic to see if you
charging even if it does not turn on if the
Neither lamp with the cable out of the battery
this means that the other side does not
was charging the battery of the
species
if you are not aware of how
the coach works
Then you take the mechanic if the
alternator has been loading and even
anyway so you do not have the burden
battery means that the battery tap
I miss you, Rio dried up, it's on time.
replacing the battery okay
I hope it helped you, that's it.
So, thanks, give me a hug, bye.